content/about.md, before:

+++
title = "About mofrim"
date = 2025-08-26
[extra]
display_published = false
+++

Hi hi 👋

This is page is about me, *mofrim*.

ATM i study software development, officially at 42 Programming School in
Wolfsburg / Germany and a lot more at home, on a train, somewhere else using all
wonderful free ressource the internet offers, whenever i can.

May main interests / Skills are:

- OpenSource Software / FreeSoftware Movement
- C / C++ (in the future Rust), Linux system programming
- Webdev (Typescript, React, FastAPI, C++ backends)
- DevOps (NixOS, Ansible, Docker, CI/CD)
- Security
- Math (yes, i am still trying to finish my bachelor along the way)

...and guess what? I also like doing quite some things that are not at all
related to computers, like rock climbing, mountaineering 🏔️, ski touring ⛷ ;)


I consider myself a learner in all fields because most tech fields seem relevant
to me today.

### how you can contact me:

Stay connected with us:

- Email: [mofrim@posteo.de](mailto:mofrim@posteo.de)
- Code Repositories: 
    - [mofrim@GitHub](https://github.com/mofrim)
    - [mofrim@codeberg](https://codeberg.org/mofrim)
- @mofrim anywhere else.

Commit message:

update about & fix layout on index

content/about.md, after:

+++
title = "About mofrim"
date = 2025-08-26
[extra]
display_published = false
+++

Hi hi 👋

This is page is about me, *mofrim*.

ATM i study software development, officially at 42 Programming School in
Wolfsburg / Germany and a lot more at home, on a train, somewhere else using all
wonderful free ressource the internet offers, whenever i can.

May main interests / Skills are:

- OpenSource Software / FreeSoftware Movement
- C / C++ (in the future Rust), Python, Linux system programming
- Webdev (Typescript, React, FastAPI, C++ backends)
- DevOps (NixOS, Ansible, Docker, CI/CD)
- Cyber-Security
- Math (yes, i am still trying to finish my BSc along the way ;)

...and guess what? I also like doing quite some things that are not at all
related to computers, like rock climbing, mountaineering 🏔️, ski touring ⛷ ;)


I consider myself a learner in all fields because most tech fields seem relevant
to me today.

### how you can contact me:

still thinking about how i will handle this...

- code repositories:
    - [mofrim@GitHub](https://github.com/mofrim)
    - [mofrim@codeberg](https://codeberg.org/mofrim)
- @mofrim anywhere else.
